what do you recreate Assisting chapel in
this boy's room not that right
you should be knee-deep in a sofa with
some great as ice where ever he goes I
go
whatever you say officer what's
happening it's hard give me the
defibrillator
[Music]
took my wife dirty cops
where you go I'm gonna kill him
[Music]
it's a video game grown up man I
don't play video games so well maybe you
should try to help you with your
aggression scene I'll do anything for my
family
this is anything as it gets but
bring him to us and you'll get your wife
back
you better me over you're going to jail
you just say stupid all the time
I'm going to show you come on with me
pal I want back ten powers and the remiz
detail can you get the out of the
car please
I have pepper spray on my first I have a
gun in my pants
[Music]
you